Release notes for AWS Load Balancer Operator (#48057)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy[Service Internal Traffic Policy].

[id="ocp-4-11-alb-operator-support"]

> ==== Support for AWS Load Balancer Operator (TP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Support for AWS Load Balancer Operator (Technology Preview)
```

> As a cluster administrator, you can install AWS Load Balancer Operator from the OperatorHub by using {product-title} web console or CLI. The AWS Load Balancer Operator is in technology preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can install the AWS Load Balancer Operator from OperatorHub using the {product-title} web console or CLI. The AWS Load Balancer Operator is available as a Technology Preview.
```

Reviewer: I think you also need to add the AWS Load Balancer Operator in Technology Preview tracker tabel.
 https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.html#ocp-4-10-technology-preview

Author: @darshan-nagaraj IMO, The Operator is not a technology preview, but it has reached TP status. Similarly, it is not a Technology Preview, but it is in TP _status_.

Author: Addressed other suggestions, thanks for the review

Author: > I think you also need to add the AWS Load Balancer Operator in Technology Preview tracker tabel. https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.html#ocp-4-10-technology-preview

Addressed

For more information, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy[Service Internal Traffic Policy].

[id="ocp-4-11-alb-operator-support"]
==== Support for AWS Load Balancer Operator (Technology Preview)

> As a cluster administrator, you can install the AWS Load Balancer Operator from the OperatorHub using the {product-title} web console or CLI. The AWS Load Balancer Operator is in technology preview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can install the AWS Load Balancer Operator from the OperatorHub using the {product-title} web console or CLI. The AWS Load Balancer Operator is in Technology Preview.
```

Author: Ack'ed

> For more information, see  xref:../networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/install-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc#aws-load-balancer-operator[Installing AWS Load Balancer Operator]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/install-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc#aws-load-balancer-operator[Installing AWS Load Balancer Operator].
```

Author: Addressed
